Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#86)
linkml/linkml-project-cookiecutter: {{cookiecutter.project_name}}/CONTRIBUTING.md

<a id="great-issues"></a>

### GitHub Best Practice

- Creating and curating issues
    - Read ["About Issues"][[about-issues]]

>     - Issues should be focused and actionable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Issues should be focused and actionable. Give an example of the bad behavior and describe how it should have behaved.

```

    - Complex issues should be broken down into simpler issues where possible
- Pull Requests
    - Read ["About Pull Requests"][about-pulls]
    - Read [GitHub Pull Requests: 10 Tips to Know](https://blog.mergify.com/github-pull-requests-10-tips-to-know/)
    - Pull Requests (PRs) should be atomic and aim to close a single issue
    - Long running PRs should be avoided where possible
    - PRs should reference issues following standard conventions (e.g. “fixes #123”)
    - Schema developers should always be working on a single issue at any one time
    - Never work on the main branch, always work on an issue/feature branch
    - Core developers can work on branches off origin rather than forks
    - Always create a PR on a branch to maximize transparency of what you are doing
    - PRs should be reviewed and merged in a timely fashion by the {{cookiecutter.project_name}} technical leads
    - PRs that do not pass GitHub actions should never be merged
    - In the case of git conflicts, the contributor should try and resolve the conflict

>     - If a PR fails a GitHub action check, the contributor should try and resolve the issue in a timely fashion

Reviewer: switch lines 76 and 75

### Understanding LinkML

Core developers should read the material on the [LinkML site](https://linkml.io/linkml), in particular:

- [Overview](https://linkml.io/linkml/intro/overview.html)
- [Tutorial](https://linkml.io/linkml/intro/tutorial.html)
- [Schemas](https://linkml.io/linkml/schemas/index.html)
- [FAQ](https://linkml.io/linkml/faq/index.html)

> ### Modeling Best Practice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data Modeling Best Practice

```

- Follow Naming conventions
    - Standard LinkML naming conventions should be followed (UpperCamelCase for classes and enums, snake_case for slots)
    - Know how to use the LinkML linter to check style and conventions
    - The names for classes should be nouns or noun-phrases: Person, GenomeAnnotation, Address, Sample
    - Spell out abbreviations and short forms, except where this goes against convention (e.g. do not spell out DNA)
    - Elements that are imported from outside (e.g. schema.org) need not follow the same naming conventions

>     - Multivalued slots should be named as plurals

Reviewer: can you add a brief example? Do you mean, like, "synonyms"?

- Document model elements
    - All model elements should have documentation (descriptions) and other textual annotations (e.g. comments, notes)
    - Textual annotations on classes, slots and enumerations should be written with minimal jargon, clear grammar and no misspellings
- Include examples and counter-examples (intentionally invalid examples)
    - Rationale: these serve as documentation and unit tests
    - These will be used by the automated test suite

>     - All elements of the nmdc-schema must be illustrated with valid and invalid data examples in src/data. New schema elements will not be merged into the main branch until examples are provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - All elements of the schema should be illustrated with valid and invalid data examples in src/data.

```
